feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/secure/call-apis-on-users-behalf/token-vault/connected-accounts-for-token-vault.mdx

Before the user can initiate a Connected Accounts request from the client application, the client application needs to [get an access token](/docs/manage-users/my-account-api#get-an-access-token) with the Connected Accounts scopes to access the My Account API.

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), have the user sign in to the correct organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault stores the connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with to the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Token Vault stores the connected account on the user's Auth0 profile, so each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
